org.apache.flink.api.common.io.ratelimiting.GuavaFlinkConnectorRateLimiter does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.api.common.operators.util.OperatorValidationUtils does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.api.common.operators.util.SlotSharingGroupUtils does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.api.common.typeutils.CompositeSerializer does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.api.common.typeutils.CompositeSerializer$ConfigSnapshot does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.api.common.typeutils.TypeSerializerSnapshotSerializationUtil does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.api.common.typeutils.TypeSerializerUtils does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.api.common.typeutils.UnloadableDummyTypeSerializer does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.api.common.typeutils.base.GenericArraySerializerSnapshot does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.api.common.typeutils.base.ListSerializerSnapshot does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.api.common.typeutils.base.MapSerializerSnapshot does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.api.connector.sink.InitContextInitializationContextAdapter does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.api.connector.source.lib.NumberSequenceSource does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.api.connector.source.lib.NumberSequenceSource$NumberSequenceSplit does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.api.connector.source.lib.util.IteratorSourceEnumerator does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.api.connector.source.lib.util.IteratorSourceReader does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.api.connector.source.lib.util.IteratorSourceSplit does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.api.java.hadoop.mapreduce.wrapper.HadoopInputSplit does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.api.java.operators.translation.RichCombineToGroupCombineWrapper does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.api.java.typeutils.AvroUtils does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.api.java.typeutils.EitherTypeInfoFactory does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.api.java.typeutils.MissingTypeInfo does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.api.java.typeutils.TupleTypeInfoBase does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.api.java.typeutils.runtime.JavaEitherSerializerSnapshot does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.api.java.typeutils.runtime.NullableSerializer does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.api.java.typeutils.runtime.NullableSerializer$NullableSerializerConfigSnapshot does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.api.java.typeutils.runtime.NullableSerializer$NullableSerializerSnapshot does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.api.java.typeutils.runtime.Tuple0SerializerSnapshot does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.api.java.typeutils.runtime.WritableComparator does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.api.java.typeutils.runtime.kryo.JavaSerializer does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.api.java.typeutils.runtime.kryo.KryoSerializer does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.api.java.typeutils.runtime.kryo.KryoSerializer$KryoSerializerConfigSnapshot does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.api.java.typeutils.runtime.kryo.KryoSerializerSnapshot does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.runtime.io.network.api.CancelCheckpointMarker does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.runtime.io.network.api.CheckpointBarrier does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.runtime.io.network.api.EndOfData does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.runtime.io.network.api.EndOfPartitionEvent does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.runtime.io.network.api.EndOfSuperstepEvent does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.runtime.io.network.api.EventAnnouncement does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.runtime.io.network.api.SubtaskConnectionDescriptor does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.runtime.io.network.api.TaskEventHandler does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.runtime.io.network.api.reader.AbstractReader does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.runtime.io.network.api.reader.MutableReader does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.runtime.io.network.api.reader.MutableRecordReader does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.runtime.io.network.api.reader.Reader does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.runtime.io.network.api.reader.ReaderBase does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.runtime.io.network.api.reader.RecordReader does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.runtime.io.network.api.serialization.EventSerializer does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.runtime.io.network.api.serialization.RecordDeserializer does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.runtime.io.network.api.serialization.RecordDeserializer$DeserializationResult does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.runtime.io.network.api.serialization.SpillingAdaptiveSpanningRecordDeserializer does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.runtime.io.network.api.writer.BroadcastRecordWriter does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.runtime.io.network.api.writer.ChannelSelector does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.runtime.io.network.api.writer.ChannelSelectorRecordWriter does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.runtime.io.network.api.writer.MultipleRecordWriters does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.runtime.io.network.api.writer.NonRecordWriter does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.runtime.io.network.api.writer.RecordWriter does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.runtime.io.network.api.writer.RecordWriterBuilder does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.runtime.io.network.api.writer.RecordWriterDelegate does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.runtime.io.network.api.writer.ResultPartitionWriter does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.runtime.io.network.api.writer.RoundRobinChannelSelector does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.runtime.io.network.api.writer.SingleRecordWriter does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.TimeDomain does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.functions.sink.filesystem.AbstractPartFileWriter does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.functions.sink.filesystem.HadoopPathBasedBulkFormatBuilder does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.functions.sink.filesystem.OutputFileConfig does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.functions.sink.filesystem.OutputFileConfig$OutputFileConfigBuilder does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.functions.sink.filesystem.OutputStreamBasedPartFileWriter does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.functions.sink.filesystem.OutputStreamBasedPartFileWriter$OutputStreamBasedInProgressFileRecoverable does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.functions.sink.filesystem.OutputStreamBasedPartFileWriter$OutputStreamBasedInProgressFileRecoverableSerializer does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.functions.sink.filesystem.OutputStreamBasedPartFileWriter$OutputStreamBasedPendingFileRecoverable does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.functions.sink.filesystem.OutputStreamBasedPartFileWriter$OutputStreamBasedPendingFileRecoverableSerializer does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.functions.sink.filesystem.SerializableConfiguration does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.functions.source.ContinuousFileReaderOperatorFactory does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.functions.source.TimestampedFileInputSplit does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.functions.source.TimestampedInputSplit does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.functions.timestamps.BoundedOutOfOrdernessTimestampExtractor does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.graph.StreamGraphHasher does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.graph.StreamGraphHasherV2 does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.graph.StreamGraphUserHashHasher does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.BackendRestorerProcedure does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.CoordinatedOperatorFactory does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.CountingOutput does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.InternalTimerServiceImpl does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.InternalTimersSnapshot does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.KeyContext does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.OneInputStreamOperatorFactory does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.OperatorSnapshotFinalizer does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.OperatorSnapshotFutures does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.SourceOperatorFactory does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.StreamOperatorFactoryUtil does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.StreamOperatorStateContext does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.StreamSourceContexts does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.StreamTaskStateInitializer does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.StreamTaskStateInitializerImpl does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.async.AsyncWaitOperatorFactory does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.collect.AbstractCollectResultBuffer does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.collect.CheckpointedCollectResultBuffer does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.collect.CollectCoordinationRequest does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.collect.CollectCoordinationResponse does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.collect.CollectResultFetcher does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.collect.CollectResultIterator does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.collect.CollectSinkAddressEvent does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.collect.CollectSinkOperator does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.collect.CollectSinkOperatorCoordinator does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.collect.CollectSinkOperatorCoordinator$Provider does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.collect.CollectSinkOperatorFactory does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.collect.UncheckpointedCollectResultBuffer does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.sort.MultiInputSortingDataInput does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.sort.MultiInputSortingDataInput$SelectableSortingInputs does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.sort.SortingDataInput does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.sorted.state.BatchExecutionCheckpointStorage does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.sorted.state.BatchExecutionInternalTimeService does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.sorted.state.BatchExecutionInternalTimeServiceManager does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.sorted.state.BatchExecutionKeyedStateBackend does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.sorted.state.BatchExecutionStateBackend does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.operators.util.SimpleVersionedListState does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.transformations.SideOutputTransformation does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.windowing.assigners.EventTimeSessionWindows does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.windowing.assigners.ProcessingTimeSessionWindows does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.windowing.assigners.SlidingProcessingTimeWindows does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.windowing.assigners.TumblingProcessingTimeWindows does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.streaming.api.windowing.triggers.TriggerResult does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.table.api.AmbiguousTableFactoryException does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.table.api.ApiExpression does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.table.api.ExpressionParserException does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.table.api.NoMatchingTableFactoryException does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated
org.apache.flink.table.api.UnresolvedException does not satisfy: be annotated with at least one of Internal, Experimental, PublicEvolving, Public, Deprecated